# TrafficForecasting-DSTGCN
Traffic Forecasting using Deep Spatio-Temporal Graph
The dynamics of many real-world phenomena are spatio-temporal in nature. Traffic forecasting is an example of spatio-temporal problems for which we present here a deep learning framework that models speed prediction using spatio-temporal data. Accurate and real-time traffic forecasting plays an important role in the Intelligent Traffic System and is of great significance for traffic planning, traffic management, and traffic control. However, traffic forecasting has always been considered an open scientific issue, owing to the constraints of road network topological structure and the law of dynamic change with time, namely, spatial dependence and temporal dependence. To capture the spatial and temporal dependence simultaneously, we propose a novel neural network-based traffic forecasting method, the deep spatio-temporal graph convolutional network (DSTGCN) model. Specifically, the GCN is used to learn complex topological structures to capture spatial dependence and the gated recurrent unit is used to learn dynamic changes of traffic data to capture temporal dependence. Then, the DSTGCN model is employed to traffic forecasting based on the road network.
The task is challenging due to two main inter-linked factors: (1) the complex spatial dependency on road networks, and (2) non-linear temporal dynamics with changing road conditions.
To address these challenges, a neural network architecture that learns from both the spatial road network data and time-series of historical speed changes to forecast speeds on road segments at a future time. In the following we demo how to forecast speeds on road segments through a graph convolution and LSTM hybrid model. The spatial dependency of the road networks are learnt through multiple graph convolution layers stacked over multiple LSTM, sequence to sequence model, layers that leverage the historical speeds on top of the network structure to predict speeds in the future for each entity.
